Name: Katelyn Clemow
Date: 4/29/2020

Project: Mr. Solo Dolo - The Fed
Group's repository: https://github.com/banane42/C220-Final



What is something you learned by reviewing this group's project?
Least importantly, I learned that I need to learn more about economics. It also expanded my view of what kinds of games are able to be made in Godot besides what we have done in class. 
 

In what ways does this game reflect the theme?
This student took a very creative look at the theme and used a circumstance that Corona has created in the world as opposed to purely Corona. 
 

What is something you saw in this group's project that you would like to apply to your own future games?
I liked that the end of the game didn't just say "You lose" but instead explained the situation at hand and gave the player a clue as to what they did wrong in order to imporve next time.
 

What suggestions would you have for this group to improve the game?
I think it would have been nice to have a play again or quit button at the end of the game as well as sound but those are details considering you did this by yourself. I understand why the game was so fast paced, but it could have been slightly slower just to accomodate for people who may struggle to read that quickly. 
 

Was there anything in the GDScript that was confusing to you? If so, what?
The script was extensive, but you can tell this person knew what they were doing as it was well organized and straight to the point. There were no errors that occured when playing the game. 
 

Is it clear that every group member participated?
As this was a solo group, yes it is very clear that this student worked hard on this project to make it what it was.
 

Does the repository contain an appropriate LICENSE?
Yes
 

What is something the group could add to the README.md to make it more descriptive?
The student could have added what applications were used to create the game and art. 
 

Pay a compliment to the group based on the quality of the game.
Seeing as how you did this by yourself, I am impressed with the creativity and obvious effort put into making something different than what we have done in class. Great job!


How many of your points would you allocate to this project?
2

